On vendor\emojis submodule update (#1632)
buildkite/docs: styleguide/STYLE.md

#### Prepending icons
You can prepend an icon to boost the visual emphasis for an inline text. To do this, wrap the text with `<span class="add-icon-#{ICON_NAME}">`.

At the time of writing, there are only three icons available — agent, repository, and plugin. To add more icons see `$icons` in `_add-icon.scss`, add a new name as the key and the inline SVG. Icon dimension must be 22px * 22px.

Please note: unlike emojis, these icons are generic and contextual, and they are used as to help readers to better visually differentiate specific terms from the rest of the text.

### Updating vendor\emojis
From time to time, you will start seeing an update to `vendor\emojis` submodule as a default initial file change in every new branch you create. This happens because these new branches will have an older version of the emoji submodule than the main branch.

**Do not commit the `vendor\emojis` commit!** Instead, run `git submodule update`. This will take care of the emoji commit - until your local emoji submodule version falls behind again. Then you will need to run `git submodule update` for your local Docs repository again.

> If you do accidentally commit the `vendor\emojis` update, use `git reset --hard HEAD~1` to undo your last commit.

Reviewer: Sorry @karensawrey, thinking about this again a `git reset --soft HEAD~1` is slightly better. In case the contributor has made other changes with the submodule in the same commit, a hard reset will wipe out all changes, whilst a soft reset will keep the changes staged. After a soft reset they can un-stage the erroneous submodule change.

```suggestion
If you do accidentally commit the `vendor\emojis` update, use `git reset --soft HEAD~1` to undo your last commit, un-stage the erroneous submodule change and commit again.
```
